week-1/class-01/README.md, before:

# Week 1, Class 1

# Reading Reminder

* ["Structure" (HTML & CSS, Ch. 1)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4217448)
* ["Extra Markup" (HTML & CSS, Ch. 8)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4216998)
* ["Process & Design" (HTML & CSS, Ch. 18)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4221202)
* ["The ABC of Programming" (JavaScript, Ch.1 )](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4216991)

# Assignment for Class

Design and markup a flow chart similar to what you saw in lecture, which details a step by step process for [creating a guessing game].

Design a simple About Me page using the basic HTML building blocks you learned today.

[Submit Your Work](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4221089)


## User Stories (MVP)
 - As a developer, I want to create a static web page, so I can share details about who I am with others
 - As a developer, I want to use basic markup to structure my page, so the layout is in the order of assembly I prefer

## Technical Requirements
 - Work will be done in a Gist; like to Gist submitted for assignment
 - Good use of HTML; e.g. 'body', 'doctype', 'p', 'head', 'html', 'h1', and 'title'
 - HTML is cleanly written and indented for readability and organization

## Helpful Resources
- [Flowchart Outline](http://thoughtfullearning.com/inquireHSbook/pg18)

Commit message:

Update first week with readme info and supporting information

week-1/class-01/README.md, after:

# Week 1, Class 1

# Reading Reminder

* ["Structure" (HTML & CSS, Ch. 1)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4217448)
* ["Extra Markup" (HTML & CSS, Ch. 8)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4216998)
* ["Process & Design" (HTML & CSS, Ch. 18)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4221202)
* ["The ABC of Programming" (JavaScript, Ch.1 )](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4216991)

# Assignment for Class
In class, we wrote a program that accepted user input and, based on that input, displayed a message back to the user. Your assignment in lab today involves a variety of different activities related to that.

[Submit Your Work](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4221089)

## User Stories (MVP)
 - As a developer, I want to use basic markup to structure my index page, so the layout is in the order of assembly I prefer
 - As a developer, I want to design my scripts, so I can understand how to organize and write my code
 - As a developer, I want to create a simple script for my index page using JavaScript, so that I can use the browser to send an alert to the user
 - As a developer, I want to create a second script for my index page using JavaScript, so that I can model a guessing game
 - As a developer, I want to create a static about me page, so I can share details about who I am with others

## Technical Requirements
 - Work will be done in a Gist; like to Gist submitted for assignment
 - Good use of HTML; e.g. 'body', 'doctype', 'p', 'head', 'html', 'h1', and 'title'
 - HTML is cleanly written and indented for readability and organization
 - JavaScript written to alert the user in a "Hello, World" type of script
 - JavaScript guessing game written to accept prompt inputs, store variable values, and alert user 

## Helpful Resources
- [**Supporting Information**](support.md)
- [Flowchart Outline](http://thoughtfullearning.com/inquireHSbook/pg18)
