week-1/class-02/README.md, before:

# Week 1, Class 2

# Reading Reminder

* ["Basic JavaScript Instructions" (JavaScript, Ch. 2)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4218539)
* ["Text” (HTML & CSS, Ch.2)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4218569)

# Assignment for Class

Design and develop a guessing game that takes user input and alerts the user with status updates throughout the game.

[Submit Your Work](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4222832)


## User Stories (MVP)
 - As a developer, I want to receive the user's name, so that the program is personalized to their experience.
 - As a developer, I want to provide three questions to the user, so that they can guess the answer and get to know me.
 - As a developer, I want to notify the user after each question, so they are aware whether they were correct or not in their answers.
 - As a developer, I want to give the user a summary, and thank them for playing my guessing game
 - As a developer, I want to manage my code online through an online version control system, so I have the ability to work with others and manage my revisions


  Console.logs......


## Technical Requirements
 - A Github Repo has been created for this assignment, and cloned to the local machine
 - Directories and file structure are organized with best practices; e.g. Folder called "class-01" and file called "index.html"
 - HTML and JavaScript are cleanly written with correct indentation and syntax
 - **Add, Commit, Push** process is being followed; evident in GitHub that commits are made regularly, and with good commit messages

## User Stories (Stretch)
 - As a developer, I want to add a fourth question that takes a numeric input, and indicates to the user whether the guess is 'too high' or 'too low'.

## Helpful Resources
- [**Supporting Information**](support.md)
- [Try Git: Github's Git Leaning Tool](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)

Commit message:

First draft of week 1 complete

week-1/class-02/README.md, after:

# Week 1, Class 2

# Reading Reminder
* ["Basic JavaScript Instructions" (JavaScript, Ch. 2)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4218539)
* ["Text” (HTML & CSS, Ch.2)](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4218569)

# Assignment for Class
Today in lab we will be using the code we reviewed in class today as an example for continuing to code the guessing game project that we'll be adding to for the rest of the week. Use the three personalized guessing game questions from yesterday (The game will consist of three yes/no questions about you (example: "Did I grow up in South Dakota?"). Your end product today will look very much like what we finished with in class today, just customized.

[Submit Your Work](https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/991898/assignments/4222832)

## User Stories (MVP)
 - As a developer, I want to receive the user's name, so that the program is personalized to their experience.
 - As a developer, I want to provide three questions to the user, so that they can guess the answer and get to know me.
 - As a developer, I want to notify the user after each question, so they are aware whether they were correct or not in their answers.
 - As a developer, I want to give the user a summary, and thank them for playing my guessing game
 - As a developer, I want to debug my code using well structured console messages
 - As a developer, I want to manage my code online through an online version control system, so I have the ability to work with others and manage my revisions

## Technical Requirements
 - A Github Repo has been created for this assignment, and cloned to the local machine
 - Directories and file structure are organized with best practices; e.g. Folder called "class-01" and file called "index.html"
 - HTML and JavaScript are cleanly written with correct indentation and syntax
 - Console.log messages are well written and correctly displaying to the browser console
 - **Add, Commit, Push** process is being followed; evident in GitHub that commits are made regularly, and with good commit messages

## User Stories (Stretch)
 - As a developer, I want to add a fourth question that takes a numeric input, and indicates to the user whether the guess is 'too high' or 'too low'.

## Helpful Resources
- [**Supporting Information**](support.md)
- [Try Git: Github's Git Leaning Tool](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
